Hi everyone!
Today we will start a new section.
Section ten two plus.
Let's learn together more.
About two plus two plus are used to store multiple items in a single variable.
It's a collection which is ordered and unchangeable.
Two plus are written with round brackets like here.
In this example, two plus items are indexed.
The first item has index zero, the second item has index one, etc. tuple items are ordered and changeable
and allow duplicate value.
Let's understand more about each word from this sentence.
What is mean ordered?
When we say that two plus are ordered, it means that the item have a defined order and that order will
not change.
Unchangeable.
T plus are unchangeable, meaning that we cannot change, add, or remove items after the tuple has
been created.
It's not like that.
The list.
Since two plus are indexed, they can have items with the same value.
Here we have an example.
We have duplicate value.
Apple and cherry.
To determine how many items a tuple has, we use the function length to create a tuple with one item.
You have to add a comma after the item.
Here is an example to create a tuple with one item.
We need to add a comma after the first item.
Tuple items can be of any data type.
It can be of string, integer, or boolean.
A tuple can contain different data types at the same time, like here.
In this example, this tuple contain string, integer, and boolean.
From Python's perspective, tuples are defined as objects with the data type tuple.
When execute the function type in a tuple, the result it will be class tuple.
It's also possible to use the tuple constructor to make a tuple.
Let's run some examples.
In PyCharm.
Python.
Tuples.
This is an example of a tuple.
Contain three element.
We said that two plus a low duplicate.
Because two plus r and exit.
We have two value for duplicate value for Apple and also duplicate value for cherry.
Do you know the number of items for a tuple?
We use the function length.
The result in this example it will be three because we have three items.
When execute the function type to a tuple, the result it will be class.
Tuple.
It will be class tuple.
Here this is a tuple from one item.
We need to add a comma.
In the second example, there is no comma after the first element and this element is not a tuple.
Let's execute this code.
It's in str.
Python will consider it this variable as str.
Like here in the execution of the code to be a tuple, we need to add a comma.
After the first element.
Tuple items.
It can be a string.
It can be an integer, or it can be boolean.
A tuple can contain different data types at the same time, like here.
In this example, we use the type function to know the type of tuple, and we just execute this function
and the result it will be class tuple.
Class tuple.
We can create a tuple from the constructor tuple.
We add the items to the constructor and we can create a tuple from the constructor.
Let's execute that.
The result?
It will be a tuple.